hey guys it's me Luigi toast and sorry I
haven't posted any videos yet well I
actually finished some stop-motion but
my Windows Movie Maker or some reason
won't let me speed it up or it won't let
me upload it I don't know why so that's
why it took a long time because I
already created two stop motions so then
I just decided to do a video so you may
have seen my LEGO creations of the
plotter gasps mm and my Lego Bowser from
the Luigi's Mansion movie that I made so
I actually came up creating a my custom
Lego sonic figure and here it is it
might not be the best but I tried my
best cuz I'm not that good with Lego
there's just bikes on the back kind of
hard to see because my camera isn't that
good
here is arms and this gloves right there
and here are shoes red and white stripe
though I mean the white stripe the
poseability is good you can hold on a
sec you can twist the head 360 degrees
and you can make its legs move
and you can also do this thin - pose
just roll around with that so please
rate and comment and and if I get a lot
of good comments I'll show you a how to
build video oh and I forgot to show you
the side of you you've seen the front
view other side you back view
okay hope you enjoy it please write in
calm